Licensing
=========

The modules in the library come from different authors and have been
released under different licences.

Contributors
------------

### Codec.Binary

<span>|p<span>6cm</span>|p<span>3cm</span>|p<span>3cm</span>|p<span>1cm</span>|</span>
Codec.Binary.BubbleBabble & John Meacham & Copyright © 2008, All rights
reserved & BSD\

### Codec.Text

<span>|p<span>6cm</span>|p<span>3cm</span>|p<span>3cm</span>|p<span>1cm</span>|</span>
Codec.Text.Raw & Dominic Steinitz & Copyright © 2006, All rights
reserved & BSD\

### Codec.Encryption

<span>|p<span>6cm</span>|p<span>3cm</span>|p<span>3cm</span>|p<span>1cm</span>|</span>
Codec.Encryption.AES & Lukasz Anforowicz & Copyright © 2005, All rights
reserved & BSD\
Codec.Encryption.AESAux & Dominic Steinitz & Copyright © 2005, All
rights reserved & BSD\
Codec.Encryption.Blowfish & Doug Hoyte & Copyright © 2005, All rights
reserved & BSD\
Codec.Encryption.BlowfishAux & Dominic Steinitz & Copyright © 2005, All
rights reserved & BSD\
Codec.Encryption.TEA & John Meacham & Copyright © 2008, All rights
reserved & BSD\
Codec.Encryption.DES & Ian Lynagh & Copyright © 2005, All rights
reserved & BSD\
Codec.Encryption.DESAux & Dominic Steinitz & Copyright © 2005, All
rights reserved & BSD\
Codec.Encryption.Modes & Dominic Steinitz & Copyright © 2005, All rights
reserved & BSD\
Codec.Encryption.Padding & Dominic Steinitz & Copyright © 2005, All
rights reserved & BSD\
Codec.Encryption.RSA & David Sankel & Copyright © 2005, All rights
reserved & GPL\
Codec.Encryption.RSA.EMEOAEP & David Sankel & Copyright © 2005, All
rights reserved & GPL\
Codec.Encryption.RSA.MGF & Dominic Steinitz & Copyright © 2005, All
rights reserved & BSD\
Codec.Encryption.RSA.NumberTheory & David Sankel & Copyright © 2005, All
rights reserved & GPL\

### Codec

<span>|p<span>6cm</span>|p<span>3cm</span>|p<span>3cm</span>|p<span>1cm</span>|</span>
Codec.Utils & Dominic Steinitz & Copyright © 2005, All rights reserved &
BSD\

### Data.Digest

<span>|p<span>6cm</span>|p<span>3cm</span>|p<span>3cm</span>|p<span>1cm</span>|</span>
Data.Digest.MD5 & Dominic Steinitz & Copyright © 2005, All rights
reserved & BSD\
Data.Digest.MD5Aux & Ian Lynagh & Copyright © 2005, All rights reserved
& BSD\
Data.Digest.SHA1 & Dominic Steinitz & Copyright © 2005, All rights
reserved & BSD\

### Data

<span>|p<span>6cm</span>|p<span>3cm</span>|p<span>3cm</span>|p<span>1cm</span>|</span>
Data.LargeWord & Dominic Steinitz & Copyright © 2005, All rights
reserved & BSD\

### Tests and Examples

<span>|p<span>6cm</span>|p<span>3cm</span>|p<span>3cm</span>|p<span>1cm</span>|</span>
RSATest & Dominic Steinitz & Copyright © 2005, All rights reserved &
BSD\
QuickTest & Dominic Steinitz & Copyright © 2005, All rights reserved &
BSD\
SymmetricTest & Dominic Steinitz & Copyright © 2005, All rights reserved
& BSD\

The BSD License
---------------

This license is based on
<span>http://www.opensource.org/licenses/bsd-license.php</span>.

Redistribution and use in source and binary forms, with or without
modification, are permitted provided that the following conditions are
met:

-   Redistributions of source code must retain the above copyright
    notice, this list of conditions and the following disclaimer.

-   Redistributions in binary form must reproduce the above copyright
    notice, this list of conditions and the following disclaimer in the
    documentation and/or other materials provided with the distribution.

-   The names of its contributors may not be used to endorse or promote
    products derived from this software without specific prior written
    permission.

This software is provided by the copyright holders and contributors “AS
IS” and any express or implied warranties, including, but not limited
to, the implied warranties of merchantability and fitness for a
particular purpose are disclaimed. In no event shall the copyright
onwers or contributors be liable for any direct, indirect, incidental,
special, exemplary, or consequential damages (including, but not limited
to, procurement of substitute goods or services; loss of use, data, or
profits; or business interruption) however caused and on any theory of
liability, whether in contract, strict liability, or tort (including
negligence or otherwise) arising in any way out of the use of this
software, even if advised of the possibility of such damage.

The GNU General Public License (GPL)
------------------------------------

This program is free software; you can redistribute it and/or modify it
under the terms of the GNU General Public License as published by the
Free Software Foundation; either version 2 of the License, or (at your
option) any later version.

This program is distributed in the hope that it will be useful, but
WITHOUT ANY WARRANTY; without even the implied warranty of
MERCHANTABILITY or FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE. See the GNU General
Public License for more details.

You can find a copy of the GNU General Public License
<span>http://www.opensource.org/licenses/gpl-license.php</span> ; if
not, write to the Free Software Foundation, Inc., 59 Temple Place, Suite
330, Boston, MA 02111-1307 USA

Disclaimer
==========

Cryptography is a notoriously easy area in which to make mistakes, not
necessarily with the algorithms but with how they are implemented (for
example not protecting keys, using weak keys and so on). For a readable
account of some of the pitfalls, see
<span>http://www.cl.cam.ac.uk/users/rja14/</span> ’s book.

This software is provided by the copyright holders and contributors “AS
IS” and any express or implied warranties, including, but not limited
to, the implied warranties of merchantability and fitness for a
particular purpose are disclaimed. In no event shall the copyright
onwers or contributors be liable for any direct, indirect, incidental,
special, exemplary, or consequential damages (including, but not limited
to, procurement of substitute goods or services; loss of use, data, or
profits; or business interruption) however caused and on any theory of
liability, whether in contract, strict liability, or tort (including
negligence or otherwise) arising in any way out of the use of this
software, even if advised of the possibility of such damage.

